/**Acknowledgement of Foundation Models Used
@author Aaron Lam Kong Yew
@version 1.0
@since 2024-08-11

In the implementation of the classes below, sections under the following were generated using generative AI (Chatgpt 3.5):

 StaticOneLibrarian class
             public StaticOneLibrarian() {
                 monologues.add("We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.");
                 monologues.add("It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.");
                 monologues.add("Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.");
                 monologues.add("The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.");
                 monologues.add("It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.");
                 monologues.add("A common mistake students make is submitting their assignments as draft.");
                 monologues.add("Are you SUREE that's not an abstract class?");
                 monologues.add("Haiyaa, you should have used a for-each loop instead of a while loop.");
             }

            Strings 1-5 were generated by the AI Foundation Models, while the rest were added by the developer.
            1. "We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided."
            2. "It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
            3. "Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
            4. "The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution."
            5. "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live."

These strings were generated with the assistance of AI Foundation Models, following the guidelines of FIT2099's Generative AI Policy.
This submission acknowledges the use of these models in the creation and contribution of the above classes.
*/